movie recap here
today i will explain a horror film
called jennifer's body
spoiler ahead so let's start as the
story begins
we see the main character anita needy in
a mental hospital
her attitude is unusual and extremely
aggressive a mental hospital nurse
approaches her and requests to take a
meal
anita retaliates by spitting in the face
of the nurse
anita is imprisoned in a dark
high-walled cell as a punishment
anita is contemplating his past in this
location
she recalls his entire life she also
thinks about her best friend jennifer
jennifer and anita are bosom friends now
the story leads to flashback
we see a village devil's kettle here and
both belong to this village
basically this city was named due to a
falling stream
all water of this falling stream used to
fall in a big hole
no one never knew the exact place where
this water flows
for this purpose scientist researchers
and lay men struggles to know about it
but fail
now we come to our main story jennifer
is considered popular
nice beautiful and famous girl in her
college
on the other side anita is totally
different from her friend
they are both bosom friends but
different by nature and traits
jennifer is famous while needy is
infamous and shy nor beautiful is
jennifer
needy has a boyfriend named chib but she
prefers jennifer than her boyfriend
for example when jennifer says needy
that they will go to the local bar in
night where a band is going to perform
and we will enjoy much
needy values jennifer than her boyfriend
now they go to the bar
jennifer is attracted towards a banned
performer nicholas and starts her liking
she also offers her a drink when
jennifer goes to take drink for nicholas
then nicholas talks about jennifer to
his friend
needy hears them and dislikes his
conversation needy tells all to jennifer
but she says ignore it
band's performance is started at the
sometimes hall catches the fire due to
the short circuit
and this fire begins to prevail slowly
slowly here the people save their lives
hardly
needy also runs outside with jennifer
breaking the window of toilet
the whole bar is full of fire and the
people are screaming
all have reaches outside band member
nicholas offers jennifer to come with
them
we will enjoy a lot and asks her to come
in van
needy stops jennifer saying don't go but
jennifer is willing by heart to go with
them
and jennifer leaves sitting in the van
with nicholas and his friends
needy is left behind alone she looks at
jennifer going alone
her face reveals the sad expression now
worried needy comes back to the house
here he calls her boyfriend chip and
that tells the whole story of this
incident
she tells that jennifer has gone with
them i have fear of any harm on their
part
she also tells to her boyfriend about
the fear of seduction of jennifer
while calling her house door bell is
wrong she checks going outside but no
one is there
finding no one outside the door she
moves inside
but coming inside she hears some sound
in the house
as she comes inside fearfully she sees
wounded jennifer sitting at the front
side
her face has the spots of blood here
jennifer smirks
needy is got upset seeing it otherwise
opening the refrigerator
needy brings the raw chicken and starts
to eat
jennifer yells in a frightful manner and
vomits which is blackish
scaring her jennifer leaves a new day
arrives and needy is thinking about the
last night incident and disturbs
she is also worried about jennifer here
the jennifer reaches in normal state
jennifer was unstable last night but she
appears to be active
energetic and bold today both are
present in the classroom
and their teacher expresses condolences
for the people who died in the bar last
night
jennifer makes fun of her teacher
laughing at him many changes appear in
jennifer
that creates disturbance for needy she
is much confused
needy tells everything to her boyfriend
chippen about the arrival of jennifer
last night in her house showing strange
behavior
as jennifer was bewitched she was not
looking jennifer behaving weirdly
some twists of story are revealing
jennifer meets football captain of her
college
he was sad because few of his friends
are dead in an accident
consoling him jennifer takes him in a
forest nearby school
she seduces him here further birds and
animals gather in their surroundings
looking at them
it seems awkward sight at the same time
jennifer's face is changed having long
teeth as evil has penetrated in her
and she puts into death the football
captain who is with her
dying football captain screams and this
crying sound is heard by the college
professor
hearing the crying sound college
professor arrives there
he notices his mutilated dead body needy
and jennifer makes a telephonic contact
needy is much worried because of the
occurrence of many deaths in their city
many people are dead but jennifer says
to her calm down and move on
otherwise we see that jennifer burns her
tongue with lighter but gets no harm
and jennifer says to needy that i am god
and one month is passed gradually
now jennifer seems inactive tired and
sick she is no more active and energetic
now we observe a student who offers
jennifer to visit in cinema saying that
we will enjoy there too much
but jennifer refuses saying we can meet
tonight and she calls him in a house
which is under construction
that house is not built completely night
falls
while talking with that boy jennifer's
eyes color begins to change
looking into her eyes that boy is
frightened at the same time jennifer
also kills that boy and starts eating
the raw flesh of him
on the other side needy is along with
her lover friend
she has nightmares about jennifer she
realizes is jennifer is in tough
situation
she leaves house coming outside
immediately she is yet on the road that
jennifer comes at the front side in
wraps in blood
otherwise jennifer jumps on the needy's
car windshield
needy is afraid she comes to her house
escaping
as she goes to her bed for sleep she
finds jennifer there
who is in normal state in confusion
needy does not understand anything is
what is going on
she asks jennifer to leave but jennifer
says her
don't worry we are bosom friends and i
will tell you truth
that what happened at that night she
talks of that night when barr catches
fire
because needy has visualized jennifer in
both normal and dreadful look
needy wants to know the truth and
jennifer reveals everything saying when
i went with those band boys sitting in a
van
then they take me to the falling stream
nicholas was the band member while all
of his friends used to worship satan
they were doing all to get success in
their musical career
they asked me are you virgin i said yes
basically killing me they wanted to
present this sacrifice to satan so that
they may get success
basically this band was involved in
black magic stabbing jennifer
band member nicholas had thrown the
knife into the falling stream
one more thing is revealed here that
jennifer is actually not virgin so
survive
but she does not remain normal after
survival evil possesses her
satan occupies her let me clear one more
thing
those band members became famous after
this sacrifice
and jennifer survived but satan occupied
her she also tells that awakening
she felt appetite and i also came to
your house in appetite
but i could not harm taking you as a
best friend so i arrived your house and
begin to eat raw chicken opening the
refrigerator
jennifer also tells to her friend that
she attains extra strength after eating
any human being and quenching her hunger
and she shows it wounding her hand she
scratches her hand which is
automatically healed
jennifer has satanic powers now hearing
seeing and knowing all that
needy is horrified and asks jennifer to
go i don't want to talk you right now
jumping from second floor window which
has the 12 to 13 feet distance from
ground
jennifer leaves needy is more worried
seeing this long jump
needy visits town library for the more
information of this matter
and she reads the books of paranormal to
know the truth and solution
through book reading needy knows that
band had committed a mistake
because they were considering jennifer a
virgin as a result they became famous
but satan occupied jennifer
now there is only a way to recover
jennifer that she must be stabbed in her
heart
otherwise there is no any remedy
according to this book needy tells
everything to her lover chip
but chip does not focus and believe on
her words completely and suggests her to
visit psychiatrist
otherwise needy also comes to know that
eating the human being after killing
is essential for jennifer she will lose
her beauty if she does not eat them
in order to keep herself beautiful and
young it is necessary for jennifer to
eat the people killing them
after a few days a concert is held in
their college where the number of the
people are going to get together
needy is also upset thinking jennifer
may kill anyone in the function in her
boyfriend chip life may
also be in danger and she forbids her
boyfriend to come in function but her
boyfriend takes it as a fun
and says nothing will happen just be
relaxed
concert day comes and all people are
dancing here needy is waiting for her
boyfriend but chip is still not reached
on the other side
jennifer is also not present there many
wrong notions come in her mind and she
is afraid
because in the function there is neither
chip nor jennifer in the worried
condition
she comes to her house leaving function
needy knows from chip's house that he
has gone to attend a college function
after walk before a time
needy also runs to the same side in
fearful state
on the other side chip is shown going on
the way where jennifer meets him
and jennifer strays chip saying that
needy had an affair with another
it is a cause she does not value you
much and a conversation is held between
them
while conversing she takes her to the
ruin jennifer has always been used away
as at the first she seduces anyone and
then kills
jennifer is closing chip but is stopped
by him because he loves needy
and he does not want to close anyone
seeing it jennifer has got furious and
attacks on chip
it is the satanic side of jennifer
further we see that needy reaches at
that point in search of both
needy notices that jennifer is biting in
the neck of his lover and trying to kill
him
she is wrapped in blood but needy tries
to save her lover jumping there
needy pushes fights and sprays more on
jennifer's face to keep her away
jennifer has become aggressive claiming
that she can not only kill the boy but
also the girls
and after that jennifer comes in air
using her satanic powers
there is a great argument between these
two friends as jennifer comes to kill
needy
wounded chip attacks on jennifer with a
rod stabbing it into her abdomen
as a result jennifer is injured jennifer
is tiresome because the loss of her
blood
and leaves but needy is present here
with her lover who is dying before her
eyes
at last dies needy is very angry and sad
she goes to take revenge from jennifer
at any cost
for taking revenge she goes to the house
of jennifer
as she comes in jennifer's room a
quarrel is held between them
while fighting jennifer bites in the
neck of needy
coral continues in needy stabs
blade-like knife in the heart of
jennifer
in this way blood flows because needy
had read that there is only a remedy to
kill jennifer which is the attack on her
heart
after this moment jennifer and her satan
are ended hearing the sounds of crying
jennifer's mother comes into her room
she notices that needy has slayed her
daughter
now movie comes to its first scene why
was needy in that cell of mental
hospital
because she has killed jennifer but we
know a strange thing
this needy is not like that before the
reason is this
jennifer has bit needy while quarreling
as a result
satanic powers penetrate in needy here
we see flying needy in air
needy also owns the supernatural power
now due to this
she is much aggressive while needy had
not as such nature before
here she is bound in this cell she flies
from here using her satanic powers and
goes outside through this window
she escapes from this jail running from
here she leads to that falling stream
and she finds the same knife which
nicholas had used to get the satanic
powers while killing jennifer
she picks that knife taking lift from
carr she reaches at that place where
band is there for their concert
we see this band which is enjoying in a
luxurious way as drugging in their room
at the same time someone comes there and
puts everyone into death sowing
brutality
it is not shown till now who killed
these musical band members
further we see that it is declared
through cctv footage that no one is
coming from their room but needy
it means needy is a killer and the
meaning is clear that needy has killed
the musical band members what they
deserved
because they were the root of all
happenings is the death of her lover
best friend and many other murders here
the movie explanation has ended
like and subscribe if you like thanks
for watching